Update default cilium to 1.14.1 (#546)
SovereignCloudStack/k8s-cluster-api-provider: Release-Notes-R5.md

### sonobuoy 0.56.x

- Sonobuoy v0.56.17 adds support for the latest k8s versions even for k8s 1.27.

### cilium 1.14.1

> - Cilium and hubble CLI versions are v0.15.7 and v0.12.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The CLI versions for Cilium and Hubble have been respectively upgraded to v0.15.7 and v0.12.0.
```
